# 01/27/2020

  
**Zoom link**:

## Data available/extracted
Things that are needed for the different analysis we want to do

+ Circuits
+ Simplices 
+ Simulations 
+ Correlations
+ TR   
+ Frontier's simulation


## Analysis

### simulations
Sirio first results (since last meeting in december). On bioM (ca scan ?,flick?, other)

+ Sirio is getting the circuit validated, via calcium scan and comparing with other existing ciruits (however, unclear what baseline should be).
+ Currently don't have "projections" (thalamic fibers for initiating the experiments). Plan is to put them in once circuit has been validated. Will start with simple one as in flick experiments, also different ones planned. Timeframe is a month / two months.

### Simplices 
counts,composition, locations, counts with respect to different subpar, basically every thing in frontiers
or more.

+ Jason has done the counts, stored in binary format in scratch location.
+ Nicolas has stored all the properties in a pickle file.

### Correlations
[Nicolas] what is the "formula" ie if we have the spike times for neuron A and B, how do we compute Cor(A,B).  
Answer: in frontiers 4.8.: They did 30 trials of 5s for each stimulus.Then they bin the spike time in bin of 25ms
(also tried 10ms 50 100 250 500). Then they do pearson Correlation (ie normalized covariance).

[jlazovskis] Pearson correlation assumes Gaussian distribution of data, so in this case, Gaussian distribution of the postsynaptic time histogram. Is this the case? There is also Spearman correlation (which still assumes Gaussian distribution), which could be a better indicator (more general than Spearman).

### Transmission responses
[Nicolas] Do we have some working tested code (tested on previous sim where we know Michael TR)

+ Jason has some, has TR matrices for different time bins, has not compared it to Michael's code yet/

### Other


